[Music]
you want to be making moves on the
street have no attachments allow nothing
to be in your life that you cannot walk
out on in 30 seconds flat
if you spot the heat around the corner
in the city of Los Angeles recognize the
mo mo is that they're good if you think
these guys are scoring want some passing
food
I doubt a relentless police detective is
on the trail of a master thief your
fugitive number one with a bullet to
stubble the risk here you're wrong it's
four times the risk and I'm double the
worst trouble you ever had
and his reckless partner the bank is
worth the risk you should take it down
by one full surveillance 24 hours
round-the-clock
we never closed open seven days a week
soon they got our phones assume they got
our houses and assumed they got us bam
bye-bye
they get more daring with every score
what's the estimate 12.2 million you're
up but one cop is here I can feel it is
closing in whatever score they gonna
take next they're gonna have the
surprise now for the first time Academy
Award winner Al Pacino and Academy Award
winner Robert De Niro collide
if I'm the head I gotta put you away
doctor you are going down what if you do
got me boxed in and I gotta put you down
cuz no matter what you will not get in
my way I will not hesitate for a second
Al Pacino Robert De Niro Val Kilmer in a
Michael Mann film Heat
[Music]